---
layout: post
title: Welcome!
category: introduction
tags: [blog, github]
---

# Welcome!

This is a blog created by HaDDo. I will use this platform to share my projects and to write about things I care. I wanted to write longer post to see how it shows on my blog, so this page will be filled with personal information about me. 

### Introduction

**Location**
ðŸŒ CheongBuk, Korea.

**Languages**
* Korean *native*
* English *fluent*
* Chinese *fluent*

**Interested Field**
ðŸ§¡ IT Industry, Games, Marketing and Advertising, Web Design, Illustration, Literature.

**Studied**
ðŸ“š Victorian Literature, Modern Chinese History and Literature.

**Motto**
> We have responsibilities to make this world a better place.

### Thing that i ðŸ¥°
1. Spider-man *PS4* and Spiderman in to the Spiderverse *animation*
2. Pride and Prejudice / Emma by *Jane Austen*
3. Diaries

**favorite poem**

*The Lake Isle of Innisfree*
by William Butler Yeats

I will arise and go now, and go to Innisfree,   
And a smill cabin build there, of clay and wattles made:   
Nine bean-rows will I have there, a hive for the honey-bee,   
And live alone in the bee-loud glade   

And I shall have some peace there, for peace comes dropping slow,   
Dropping from the veils of the morning to where the criket sings;   
There midnight's all a glimmer, and noon a purple glow,   
And evening full of the linnet's wings.   

I will arise and go now, for always night and day   
I hear lake water lapping with low sounds by the shore;   
While I stand on the roadway, or on the pavements grey,   
I hear it in the deep heart's core.   

***



### Portfolio Web Site
[Haddo Avenue](https://haddolab.github.io/portfolio/)


#### .
This is a testing page to make sure the post folder is working. I just started to study web programming, so any comment or advice is always welcome.
